Fix documentation (#2848)
ansys/pymapdl: doc/source/user_guide/cli.rst

        .. code:: pwsh-session

            (.venv) PS C:\Users\user\pymapdl> pymapdl start --port 50054
            Success: Launched an MAPDL instance (PID=18238) at 127.0.0.1:50054

    .. tab-item:: Linux
        :sync: key1
                
        .. code:: console

            (.venv) user@machine:~$ pymapdl start --port 50054
            Success: Launched an MAPDL instance (PID=18238) at 127.0.0.1:50054

> This command `pymapdl start` aims to replicate the function

Author: ```suggestion
This command ``pymapdl start`` aims to replicate the function
```

> This command ``pymapdl start`` aims to replicate the function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ``pymapdl start`` command aims to replicate the function
```
Google dev style guide says that the noun should follow the code entity.

> :func:`ansys.mapdl.core.launcher.launch_mapdl`, hence you can use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:func:`ansys.mapdl.core.launcher.launch_mapdl`. Hence, you can use
```

        .. code:: pwsh-session

            (.venv) PS C:\Users\user\pymapdl> pymapdl start --run_location C:\Users\user\temp\    
            Success: Launched an MAPDL instance (PID=32612) at 127.0.0.1:50052

    .. tab-item:: Linux
        :sync: key1
                
        .. code:: console

            (.venv) user@machine:~$ pymapdl start --run_location /home/user/tmp    
            Success: Launched an MAPDL instance (PID=32612) at 127.0.0.1:50052

For more information see :func:`ansys.mapdl.core.launcher.launch_mapdl`,
and :func:`ansys.mapdl.core.cli.pymapdl`

Stop MAPDL instances
====================

> MAPDL instances can be stopped by using `pymapdl stop` command in the following
> way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the ``pymapdl stop`` command to stop MAPDL instances like this:
```

        .. code:: pwsh-session

            (.venv) PS C:\Users\user\pymapdl> pymapdl start --run_location C:\Users\user\temp\    
            Success: Launched an MAPDL instance (PID=32612) at 127.0.0.1:50052

    .. tab-item:: Linux
        :sync: key1
                
        .. code:: console

            (.venv) user@machine:~$ pymapdl start --run_location /home/user/tmp    
            Success: Launched an MAPDL instance (PID=32612) at 127.0.0.1:50052

> For more information see :func:`ansys.mapdl.core.launcher.launch_mapdl`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see :func:`ansys.mapdl.core.launcher.launch_mapdl`,
```

> and :func:`ansys.mapdl.core.cli.pymapdl`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and :func:`ansys.mapdl.core.cli.pymapdl`.
```

> For more information, see :func:`ansys.mapdl.core.launcher.launch_mapdl`,
> and :func:`ansys.mapdl.core.cli.pymapdl`.

Author: ```suggestion
For more information, see :func:`ansys.mapdl.core.launcher.launch_mapdl`.
```

        .. code:: pwsh-session

            (.venv) PS C:\Users\user\pymapdl> pymapdl stop --pid 40952
            Success: The process with PID 40952 and its children have been stopped.

    .. tab-item:: Linux
        :sync: key1
                
        .. code:: console

            (.venv) user@machine:~$ pymapdl stop --pid 40952

>             Success: The process with PID 40952 and its children have been stopped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Success: The process with PID 40952 and its children has been stopped.
```
Because "process" is the subject (singular), "has" should be the verb.

Author: But we are stopping the process AND its childrens... So .. plural?

Reviewer: > But we are stopping the process AND its childrens... So .. plural?

Those are direct objects and not the subject of the sentence.  I asked Co-Pilot and it says it depends on the intended meaning:

Grammar question: Which of these is correct?
The process with PID 40952 and its children has been stopped.
The process with PID 40952 and its children have been stopped.
Copilot
Your personal and company data are protected
Both sentences are grammatically correct, but they convey slightly different meanings:

“The process with PID 40952 and its children has been stopped.”
In this sentence, the verb “has been stopped” refers to the entire process (PID 40952) and its associated child processes. It implies that the entire group of processes has been terminated or halted.
“The process with PID 40952 and its children have been stopped.”
Here, the verb “have been stopped” applies separately to each individual child process along with the main process (PID 40952). It suggests that each process has been stopped independently.

Choose the one that best fits the context of your message. If you want to emphasize the collective termination of the entire group, use the first sentence. If you want to highlight individual terminations, opt for the second sentence. 📝

Author: Because I explicitly kill all the processes (parent and child) I think ``have`` is appropriate here.

Thank you a lot @PipKat !!

in :ref:`installation`, you can use the converter from your terminal.
Here is how you use the ``pymapdl convert`` command:

.. tab-set::

    .. tab-item:: Windows
        :sync: key1

        .. code:: pwsh-session

            (.venv) PS C:\Users\user\pymapdl> pymapdl convert mapdl.dat -o python.py
            

>             File mapdl.dat successfully converted to python.py.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            The ``mapdl.dat`` file is successfully converted to the ``python.py`` file.
```
Again, a noun describing what the code entity is should follow the code entity.
